Document additional mqtt configuration options (#149)
skrashevich/double-take: README.md

  username:
  password:
  client_id:

>   protocol: mqtt # mqtts enables TLS
>   port: 1883 # defaults to 8883 if protocol is set to mqtts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  protocol: mqtt # set to mqtts to enables TLS
  port: -1 # default value, expands to 1883 for mqtt or 8883 for mqtts
  tls: # don't forget to set protocol: mqtts if you need secure connection
    key: /path/to/private_key_file # The private key used for TLS authentication. If configured, it should be the file path to the key.
    cert: /path/to/certificate_file #The certificate used for TLS authentication. If configured, it should be the file path to the certificate.
    ca: /path/to/ca_file # The certificate authority used for TLS authentication. If configured, it should be the file path to the CA certificate.
    rejectUnauthorized: true # A boolean indicating whether to reject unauthorized TLS connections. If not explicitly configured, it defaults to true.
```

>   tls:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  tls: # don't forget to set protocol: mqtts if you need secure connection
```
